The Electric Superstar
The Electric Superstar
Packed with more than 25 ADAS 2.0 features.
Exceptional experience to elevate the senses.
Fully charged, it offers 3.6 kW of power to run multiple devices.
#Disclaimer: The product shown in the visual is for representation purposes only. Color, features, and India specs may vary while releasing
#Disclaimer -  The product shown in the visual is for representation purposes only. Color, features, and India specs may vary while releasing.
Embracing sustainability, it features black suede seats with vegan leatherette bolsters and a cabin crafted with recycled materials.​
Pull the conveniently located remote release lever on the wall of the cargo space to fold the rear seatback down, creating 1,300 l** of storage capacity
With a wide sunroof, our inspiring EV car - The Kia EV6, seem to expand its roomy dimensions.
The dynamic curved shape full LED tail light lends sleek and futuristic look to the rear of EV6
Streamlined door handles designed to stay hidden, enhancing the sleek profile and unlocking with ease.​
Striking design meets electrifying performance – crafted for an aerodynamic drive.
The distinctive headlamps not only have a progressive design language but also the intelligence to automatically adjust to avoid dazzling oncoming vehicles
#Disclaimer -  The product shown in the visual is for representation purposes only. Color, features, and India specs may vary while releasing

I accept theTerms & ConditionsandPrivacy Policy.
An immersive, futuristic interface – dual displays for a seamless driving experience.​
Front seats recline at the press of a button to a zero-gravity position to give
maximum relaxation to the occupant
Key information such as speed, and lane safety indication, is projected in an intuitive manner on the windscreen
#Disclaimer: The product shown in the visual is for representation purposes only. Color, features, and India specs may vary while releasing
The Electric is in the engineering but the EV6 stands for so much more.It emotes the excitement that comes from its performance.The powerful all-electric motor’s 605 Nm torque gives instantaneous acceleration,while a low centre of gravity offers sporty handling, making the EV6 an absolute pleasure to drive
The dual motor AWD system delivers superior acceleration and all-weather grip. Switches between AWD and RWD within 0.4 seconds depending on the requirement
Choose from Normal, Sport or Eco drive modes. Each mode provides a significant performance change to suit the requirement along with a unique driver interface
The super sleek design with active air flaps and aerodynamic enhancements make EV6 move quickly and efficiently
#Disclaimer - With 350kW charger
#Disclaimer -  The product shown in the visual is for representation purposes only. Color, features, and India specs may vary while releasing
#ARAI certified full charge range for EV6 GT-Line Trim
Fully charged, EV6 offers 3.6 kW of power to run multiple devices inside and outside by attaching Vehicle-to-Load connector
With a 84 kWh battery pack, the Kia EV6 lets you explore more of what the world has to offer
The New E-GMP platform introduces a flat floor, facilitating comfort and utility along with greater power, driving range and control
#Disclaimer -  The product shown in the visual is for representation purposes only. Color, features, and India specs may vary while releasing
Stay seamlessly connected with Kia Connect 2.0, offering over 60 innovative features to keep you in control.From communication to entertainment,experience a world of convenience at your fingertips.​
Climate stays delightful without taking anything away from the environment. Just switch on the climate control using the Kia Connect application. You can even schedule Remote Cooling based on your convenience
Once the connector is plugged in, you can switch on/off the charging as per your need. Schedule the charge without any discomfort
Stay in control of the world outside. View a video around your EV6 according to the camera angles and monitor your surroundings
#Disclaimer -  The product shown in the visual is for representation purposes only. Color, features, and India specs may vary while releasing
Unlike any other electric car, stepping into the Kia EV6, is like stepping into a future studded with infinite luxuries.A minimalistic yet hi-tech driver-centric cockpit offers the most immersive experience through design,intuitive technologies, and sustainable elements, to make your journeys even more mesmerizing
The interface lays out all essential pieces of information for clarity about range, forecast battery charge time, Vehicle-to-Load status and much more
The Meridian Premium Sound System is the ultimate luxury for ears. 14 speakers create an exceptional experience to elevate the senses
#Disclaimer -  The product shown in the visual is for representation purposes only. Color, features, and India specs may vary while releasing
Let our technology handle the details, so you can stay connected to the journey. By priortising information,
 The Kia EV6 - ourfully electric car, lets you take in more of the world outside and spend less time
 scanning screens and dials.This is what makes EV6 the most convenient electric vehicle on the streets.
The power tailgate can be set to open automatically to the desired height
Change gear position simply by turning the dial of Shift by Wire left or right
#Disclaimer -  The product shown in the visual is for representation purposes only. Color, features, and India specs may vary while releasing
Kia's luxury electric car - TThe Kia EV6 is packed with more than 25 Advanced Driver Assistance System 2.0 (ADAS 2.0) features
 likeForward Collision-Avoidance Assist (FCA), Lane Keep Assist (LKA), 8 airbags, and more
This warns in case a vehicle or pedestrian is coming while reversing. It automatically assists with emergency breaking if collision is sensed
Child lock is automatically activated along with a warning sound when an occupant attempts to open their door while a vehicle is approaching from the back
When you signal a lane change, you are warned if a risk of collision is detected with a vehicle beside you or approaching from the rear
#Disclaimer -  The product shown in the visual is for representation purposes only. Color, features, and India specs may vary while releasing
1 Trim Available
Features

It’s time to own the most inspiring Kia ever.
Learn all about its wild possibilities.
Learn all about its wild possibilities.
We’ll be happy to answer all your queries.
For Assistance Call:1800-108-5000Email:kiacare@kiaindia.net
Kia India Pvt. Limited. All rights reserved.
For EV assistance Call : 1800 108 5005 Email:Kiacare@Kiaindia.net
Kia India Pvt. Limited. All rights reserved.
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.Find out more about our use of cookies.